docs: update folder capitalisation preferred practices (#6232)
artsy/eigen: docs/preferred_practices.md

### Keep File Structure Organized (in progress)

Everything in `src/` is React Native. Within this folder things can be a bit of a mess and we are working on improving that.

According to the React convention we capitalise **Components and Component Folders**, but keep everything else lowercase.

> For example migrations, routes, state would be folders with small letter while MyComponent.tsx would start with a Capital letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example `mutations`, `routes`, `state` would be **lowercase** folders, while `MyComponent.tsx` would be a **PascalCase** file.
```

```
├── MyComponentFolder
│   ├── MyComponent.tsx
│   ├── MyComponent.tests.tsx
│   ├── mutations
│   |  ├── mutationFunction.ts
│   ├── state
│   |  ├── stateFunction.ts
│   ├── utils
│   |  ├── utilFunction.ts
├── …
```

Another example is:

> If we have a buttons folder which has many ButtonFile.tsx inside we keep a small letter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we have a `buttons` folder which has many ButtonFile.tsx inside we keep it **lowercase**. 
```

```
├── buttons
│   ├── RedButton.tsx
│   ├── GreenButton.tsx
│   ├── YellowButton.tsx
├── …
```

> However, if we have a Button folder which only exports Button.tsx we write that with a capital letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if we have a `Button` folder which exports only one button component, we write that with in **PascalCase**.
```

```
├── Button
│   ├── Button.tsx

> │   ├── Button.tests.tsx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── Button.tests.tsx
│   ├── hooks
│   ├── animations
```

```

> TODO: Add a migration guide? 

Reviewer: i dont think we need a migration guide. like you said, lets let past be past :D

Author: For sure. How about the things we touch in the future though? 
Wouldn't it be nice to have a way to bring them to our modern ways?
Perhaps we could use something 

`State -> stateMigration -> state`
